Grandma toos is also again and I'm your
upstairs la and i have been to our ipad
to buy and he totally finds it
awesome
they can see everything you think so
handy and ipad and it has its own
i like the ipad his hands because i do
every morning the camper can read
keep up to date with all the animals that
happen this moment
I can face my grandchildren
daughter
that's totally hurt when i get one
apple pie baked me or my daughter
then can we show completely
crazy
Well what do you think that all lead
to grandma of course all the necessary
said because of him for my money
where of course I also have a lot
doing at david is about technical things
about certain things offered that
I have to cross my theory to the
shop how is it never different
Grab an iPad paintings with goes
sit comfortably then look because see
but embellished or
definitely mind why
game rating on you i'm playing
public pound ipad and sublime nice too
if they do nothing on the television in the evening
Making good on the bench
look at mills I also very nice
find some nice things hung up and that
can on that app on help is you want that was
games yes i have to record sometimes
my grandmother also got my budget
bottom of the couch that the part
easy
rummikub and then after most friezes
so be it
but it is at least one
fantastic fun experience
and that you can do everything if you do
easy chair that is actually very beautiful
Find it would remain very
easy and it is a pleasure because
on the one hand, you can also first take your own photos
but whatever of course I have
also have pictures of
form of grandchildren very van van
Rotterdam
and daughter-in-law and each also for
friends and that is of course very nice
although i can smell your world you are on
goes today your living room goes that
just one opens ready and out of the
sending of found moments
despite the order or discuss
yes that the dish this is programs
not always need someone to regiment
its time a black leggings and you can
do it when when you want
and he one can be the other side
that side reading and has its own time name
and that we sound more than all of them
pigeons
I have a variety of apps on Mike
first see something and advertising brochures
or really like it if you like them
at home and with it
I have a sticker on your letter box
this is really easy that I am
all ingest
my notes keep track of and are from Ghana
you can always reach it extremely easily
the hand
he can go with you to
tears always easy so you see
it is not only useful for
the younger generation but also mine
help to get to the older generation
and yes they can be what i come that
it remains a very nice experience
before she does not come find it for us
I white invention panel
endless and rose
you must imagine everyone with disabilities
or an icon easy door out
the world is passing over for you